The Attacking Plants vs Zombies Based Game Plants vs Zombies，and we based on the project which is named of 
Plants vs Zombies.

Introduction:
The game is a tower defense game. We fight zombies by planting plants.
Each plant has its own function, which brings different levels of damage and depreciation to zombies.
Zombies also have many types, such as bouncing, flying, etc.


The game 

Elements:
Zombie
plant
Meadow
sunlight
Home

Login:
1.You have to choose plants, of course, the number is limited
2.First plant the sunflower and use it to produce sunlight so that the plant can be planted
3.If the zombies come, the plants will attack the zombies.
4.If the zombie touches the plant, the zombie will eat the plant and know how to eat the plant
5.If zombies come to your home, you will lose
6.If successful, it will unlock a new plant

Baseline of orginal game：
1.Plant and Zombie settings
2.Game logic
3.Traditional mode of level settings
4.Background music for the game
5.Game screen

We changed some things based on the games:
1.We modified some of the scenario descriptions
2.We designed some new game modes in the play mini-games
3.We modified the speed of sunlight generated by the “Desert Sunshine” checkpoint
4.We added the ability to automatically collect sunlight
5.We cannot change the logic of this game.
6.We use the original function(API) in origin game. such start(flash the initial page), update(update the 
 page), losehp(lose change).

The details that we allocate the task:
1.王冉: Complete the construction of the underlying system framework for the game, and design the system with numerical values.
2.刘勇芳: Perform functional tests and fine-tune the system based on the test service data.
3.张月: Resource management with programs and artists, such as zombie models, plant models, scenes, special effects, etc.
4.王晓h: Design game rules and rules according to market demand, and design new models based on original games